Allow empty geometries (#70)
Open-EO/openeo.org: documentation/1.0/datacubes.md

A vector datacube on the other hand could look like this:

<figure>
    <img src="./datacubes/vector.png" alt="An examplary vector datacube with 3 dimensions: 2 geometries are given for the `geometries` dimension, along with 3 timesteps for the temporal dimension `time` and 4 bands in the `bands` dimension.">

>     <figcaption>An examplary vector datacube with 3 dimensions: 2 geometries are given for the <code>geometries</code> dimension, along with 3 timesteps for the temporal dimension <code>time</code> and 4 bands in the <code>bands</code> dimension.</figcaption>

Reviewer: Could we change the figure to align with "usually named `geometry`"? It's weird to have examples that don't follow the recommended naming.

Author: Yeah, would be nice. I don't have the capacity for it right now as it's Paint fiddling for me as this has been extracted from another image... I'll open a separate issue as this is also "wrong" in other images.

Author: https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo.org/issues/71

Dimensions with a natural/inherent order (usually all temporal and spatial raster dimensions) are always sorted. Dimensions without inherent order (usually `bands`), retain the order in which they have been defined in metadata or processes (e.g. through [`filter_bands`](https://processes.openeo.org/#filter_bands)), with new labels simply being appended to the existing labels.

A geometry dimension is not included in the example raster datacube above and it is not used in the following examples, but to show how a vector dimension with two polygons could look like:

| name       | type   | labels | reference system |
| ---------- | ------ | ------ | ---------------- | 
| `geometry` | vector | `POLYGON((-122.4 37.6,-122.35 37.6,-122.35 37.64,-122.4 37.64,-122.4 37.6))`, `POLYGON((-122.51 37.5,-122.48 37.5,-122.48 37.52,-122.51 37.52,-122.51 37.5))` | [EPSG:4326](https://epsg.io/4326) |

A dimension with geometries can consist of points, linestrings, polygons, multi points, multi linestrings, or multi polygons.
It is not possible to mix geometry types, but the single geometry type with their corresponding multi type can be combined in a dimension (e.g. points and multi points).

> Empty geometries (includes GeoJSON `null` geometries) are allowed and can sometimes also be the result of certain vector operations such as a negative buffer.

Reviewer 2: > includes GeoJSON `null` geometries

this looks very cryptic to me, I'm not sure what to make from it. 
Is it about a GeoJSON Feature where the "geometry" member is `null`?

Author: You mean the part in brackets?

Maybe:
```suggestion
Empty geometries (including GeoJSON Features with a `null` geometry or GeoJSON geometries with empty coordinates) are allowed and can sometimes also be the result of certain vector operations such as a negative buffer.
```

Reviewer 2: indeed

minor tweak:
```suggestion
Empty geometries (such as GeoJSON Features with a `null` geometry or GeoJSON geometries with an empty coordinates array) are allowed and can sometimes also be the result of certain vector operations such as a negative buffer.
```

Author: Done
